Guangcai, don't tie me up.
Guangcai, I'm sorry.
Guangcai, let me go.
Give me a hit.
Guangcai.
That scoundrel Huang Mantang,
I thought he was just useless.
I never expected him to get hooked
on drugs these past few years.
Alright, Guangcai. Don't worry.
Keeping Huang Mantang
locked up here is definitely safe.
Dazhu, listen.
The villa project can take time.
Halting for two years is no big deal.
The later it goes public,
the higher the value climbs.
But the situation now
is Huang Mantang is back.
He's an unstable factor.
Before the police come to us,
we need to figure out what to do next.
Who is it? Is that Lijun?
Lijun.
Guangcai?
Dazhu?
Dazhu.
Are you going to kill me?
Listen, I'm not entirely unprepared.
If I don't show up for a month,
I guarantee
not a single one of you will live.
(One just died.)
The police are making a big move now.
If we want to live safely
for the rest of our lives,
we cannot act rashly again.
But keeping him tied up here
forever isn't a solution.
Then we control him.
Starting today, we cannot
let the police find Huang Mantang.
To be safe,
everything about him
has to be erased.
Something happened
at the construction site.
We can use that to get rid of him.
=The Silent Rift=
=Episode 12=
(Darkest Hour)
(All officers on duty today,)
(work with drug enforcement.
Be ready to go at any time.)
(Starting today, search urban areas
and villages, and entertainment venues.)
(Focus especially on individuals
with drug-related criminal records.)
(Leave no one out. Continue the search.)
- (Yes!)
Back then, when Du Ming
left the police force, he asked me
if he was a good cop.
I told him he would
always be a good cop.
At that time,
his doing business as a boss
was all fake.
I was the one who assigned him
to the drug enforcement line.
This was all confidential,
so I couldn't tell you.
One thing I regret most
is letting you meet him.
He asked me more than once
if he could help you.
He saw you had been stuck in this case
for so many years.
He didn't want to see you so exhausted.
But I disagreed.
Because it was too dangerous.
He had his mission to finish.
Zhu Helai, by resolution
of the superior leadership,
you'll face administrative sanctions.
Prepare yourself mentally.
(Public Telephone)
See you later, buddy.
Bye.
Officer Zhu, you coming here
is wasting your talent.
See? Our cafeteria is pretty routine.
Mainly to match
the frontline officers' schedules.
Here, take a look.
There's some prep work to do.
Everyone, welcome Officer Zhu.
- Welcome, Officer Zhu.
Officer Zhu, I'm leaving.
Master.
Just bear with it here for a while.
I'll apply to get you
transferred back soon.
It's fine. I'm good here.
I won't cause trouble. Go ahead.
Master, I'm your apprentice.
I'm okay.
This is fine.
(Beiyan City People's Hospital,
Gynecology)
If A is a positive number,
on which side of the origin is
point A on the number axis?
On the right.
Correct.
You're back.
Dad.
On which side of the origin is point -A?
That would be on the left.
The food is in the pot.
We just ate. It's still warm.
Go serve yourself some.
Qianqian, do the problems.
Do you expect me to get it for you?
You're not eating?
Wrote the answers?
I'll fix it.
Yes, write the units.
- Okay.
- I wrote it.
Go back to sleep.
Go to bed early.
I'll check on you later.
Okay.
Don't stay up late.
Good night.
Zhu, I made goji berry tea for you.
People say that drinking
this helps with sleep.
Have some.
I saw you at the hospital today.
It's no big deal.
Menopause came a bit early.
The doctor says this illness
isn't life-threatening.
I just wanted to tell you a bit later.
We won't have our own child, will we?
Actually, I've considered
Qianqian as my own child.
I haven't thought
about having another one.
But,
when the doctor told me
I truly couldn't give birth anymore,
I...
I just...
I just felt a bit...
I'm going to bed. Don't stay up late.
Huifen, wash your hands and let's eat.
After the meal, let's go out for a walk.
Qianqian, you're awake.
Dad, why haven't you gone
to work yet? You'll be late.
Yeah, aren't you going to work?
Not today. I took the day off.
Stay with you today.
Come, sit down. Qianqian, sit.
Come. Today,
the three of us will
go out and watch a movie.
After that, we'll have a meal
at a restaurant.
Here, Qianqian,
your favorite steamed bun.
Peel the egg yourself.
Well, Huifen, you...
From today, I'll be obedient.
I'll do as you said.
Take good care of myself.
Let's eat.
Here.
Have fried dough.
Qianqian loves this pickled vegetable.
You mixed it yourself?
I mixed it myself.
Mom.
Look at this watch Dad has, is it nice?
Why touched that?
This is valuable. Put it back.
Dad.
Why don't you come home often?
I have a lot of things to handle.
Dad, where are you going?
Going upstairs.
You... It's time to eat.
You eat first. I'll eat later.
Wait!
Want to go upstairs? Get past me first.
You brat.
Be serious.
Come.
I won.
Go eat.
Look at the watch Mom bought for you.
Is it nice?
I'll put it on you.
Xiaoliang, come help me
with the chopsticks.
Mom, look at Dad's watch. Is it nice?
Yes.
Guangcai.
Sooner or later,
I'll tell you everything.
I'm waiting.
It's so nice for us to eat together.
This is your home.
Eating together with Dad and Mom
makes you that happy?
Just eat.
You love fried chicken, right?
This one is lean.
Eat it.
Thanks, Dad.
(Beiyan No. 2 Middle School)
Zhu.
Hello, everyone.
(Parents' Meeting)
Thanks for taking the time
to attend the parents' meeting.
As you all know, this semester
is the second semester of grade eight.
The high school
entrance exam is coming up.
This is crucial for
both students and parents.
We hope you could cooperate with us
to complete this semester's tasks.
(Beiyan No.2 Middle School)
I didn't expect you'd come.
Zhu, last time you
went to the company...
We haven't seen in a while.
Have you been quite busy?
How about finding a time
to get together someday?
No need.
The people you meet are all big shots
who can help you make money.
I am not a big shot. No need to force
yourself to get together with me.
Zhu, you make it
sound like we're strangers.
You're a celebrity in Beiyan.
I'm just curious to know why you have
suddenly kept such a low profile lately,
without public appearances
or interviews?
Why have you suddenly
kept a low profile?
I'm tired. I want some peace.
I let the subordinates handle the work.
One has to take the blame
for what they've done.
It's not like you can just have peace
whenever you want.
Oranges.
Please hurry up. I've got things to do.
Just a moment.
Let me.
Sorry, let me handle it.
Two fifty.
Here, take it.
Thanks.
Take care, come again.
I'm still not very good at using this.
I'll practice more.
It's okay, you've only
been here for a week.
Too many things to handle.
You'll get the hang of it.
- Got it.
- It's okay.
Go ahead.
Xiaoliang! Take her and go.
(Rongfa Noodle Shop)
I'm going back, Mr. Chen.
Hurry up.
Hurry!
Sit in the back, you two, okay?
Drive carefully.
Okay, I know.
Zhu, I saw Qianqian came back
with Meng Guangcai.
Didn't you pick up Qianqian?
(Huifen)
(Telephone directory, Xue Qin)
This color is stylish.
Zhu.
We were taking Xiaoliang
to the amusement park.
Xiaoliang said he wanted
to come find Qianqian to go.
They had a great time today.
Qianqian, why don't you tell
your dad where you went?
Dad, we had so much fun
at the amusement park.
And we had fast food.
This. Uncle bought this toy for me.
And there were lots of snacks.
I said I couldn't accept it,
but Auntie bought it for me anyway.
I'm glad you like it.
Zhu, why are you still working in that
cafeteria? It's a waste of your talent.
You could just quit. It's fine
if you do not work in my company.
See what you want to do,
and tell me if you have any ideas.
I'm here for you.
Exactly.
My turn, right?
Huifen, back when
Caisheng Group was first founded,
it was all thanks
to Zhu helping Guangcai.
Otherwise, our family
wouldn't be like this.
Back then, Guangcai said to buy
an apartment for you in this complex,
so we picked one out for you.
I wonder if you like it.
I cannot take it.
Wait, Xue Qin, I can't...
- I can't take it.
- Take a look.
No, we...
We can't accept this.
Xue Qin, take it back.
Take all the things away.
Take them away.
Go.
Get out now!
Huifen, we're leaving now.
Don't scare the children.
We're going.
We're going then.
Sorry about that.
Give it to me.
Dad!
- Dad!
- Zhu!
Zhu!
Zhu, are you okay? Zhu!
Dad!
Zhu!
(One month later)
Finally home. The weather's
changed, it's getting cold.
It's best to be home.
What are these?
While you were in the hospital,
Liu Hua came several times.
He just stood at the door
without coming in.
It made me feel quite upset.
I know this case means
everything to you.
If I stop you from it,
I'm afraid you'd collapse.
Then investigate it
thoroughly,
to avenge Qianqian's father.
If the police station won't let you,
do it at home.
I support you.
But there's one thing, Zhu.
You can investigate,
but your health still comes first.
You have to quit smoking and drinking.
Manage your emotions.
Don't get agitated.
You have to live well.
You have to watch Qianqian grow up
and get married.
We have to see our grandchildren.
Right?
I've told you everything I know.
Don't you have
other cases to investigate?
Just chatting.
Enough about the robbery case.
Let's talk about Zuo Long.
I have nothing to say about Zuo Long.
Not familiar.
How about Xue Qin?
Familiar with Xue Qin, right?
Zuo Long raped Xue Qin.
Did you know that?
Caisheng Group has plenty of rumors.
I heard something much crazier.
Does it concern me?
Does it concern you?
Does it concern the case?
Let me go back. I need rest.
Yonghui,
he came to my place.
67.
68.
69.
70.
71.
72.
(Police)
Jiao Lijun and Wang Dazhu's
test results are out.
(Test results)
They don't match the DNA at the scene.
Jiao Lijun is also not
Meng Xiaoliang's biological father.
What about Ma Zhongwu?
Ma Zhongwu's DNA doesn't match either.
He can't answer
any details about the case.
He's just delaying his execution
by talking nonsense nonstop.
I think we can basically
rule him out as a suspect.
So that means,
before Jiao Lijun surrendered,
he didn't know we had found Ma Zhongwu.
That's why he insisted
Ma Zhongwu was involved in the robbery.
If that's the case,
their plan of using Ma Zhongwu
as a substitute for Meng Guangcai
has already failed.
Which means,
the four robbers are
Meng, Wang, Jiao, and Zuo Long, right?
We can't confirm Zuo Long yet.
And we can't confirm
Meng Guangcai either.
Guys, we only have
these last few days left.
If we still can't offer solid evidence,
it's very likely Meng Guangcai
will be acquitted of a charge.
Then we'll be on the defensive.
Jiao Lijun and Wang Dazhu
are just pawns.
We still need to focus on
the player, Meng Guangcai.
What do you mean, Zhu?
Same old routine?
Show the evidence.
Show him the evidence.
Show him the test results.
Meng Guangcai has always
reacted strangely about his son, right?
Good. Show him the evidence
and see his reaction.
Let's see if he knows
who his son's
biological father really is.
Agreed.
You know Meng Xiaoliang
isn't your biological son, right?
I don't understand what you mean.
Xiaoliang is definitely
my biological son.
Meng Xiaoliang is Jiao Lijun's son.
Captain Li's learned some tricks.
This lie sounds so real.
Meng Xiaoliang
is Jiao Lijun's biological son.
Is that the answer in your mind?
Pay attention.
It's a critical moment.
Xiaoliang is my son.
Don't lie to me. Don't try
to trick me into talking.
Read it. I'm tired of beating
around the bush with you.
Read it.
(Probability of paternal match: 0.9999%)
That's exactly the right reaction.
He really doesn't know about it.
So?
Have you read it clearly?
Tell me what you think.
Nothing.
Xue Qin told us,
she was once raped.
From what we know now,
the rapist was involved in the 6.10 case
along with Jiao Lijun and Wang Dazhu.
Is this person Zuo Long?
I wasn't involved.
I don't know.
Don't try to trick me
with these fake reports.
I won't believe a single word.
(Gubei Province Biological Identification
Research Center, Test Report)
You know very well
whether this report is real or fake.
So I suggest you
to think it over.
I've raised another man's son.
It's eating me up inside.
- Is Meng Xiaoliang your son?
- He...
What?
He's not your son? Then whose son is he?
Tell me, and I'll kill him right away.
(Xue Qin told us,)
(she was once raped.)
Guangcai.
Sooner or later,
I'll tell you everything.
Meng Xiaoliang
had a medical check-up recently.
His test results were compared
to the blood sample left
by a suspect
at the crime scene of 6.10 case.
The two blood samples
indicate a father-son relationship.
Meng Guangcai refuses
to answer all our questions.
Is Zuo Long really
Meng Xiaoliang's biological father?
Why has it hit Meng Guangcai so hard?
The probing did have some effect,
but we're running out of time.
If Meng Guangcai keeps
holding out like this,
we can just watch him walk out.
That mysterious person at the cemetery
appeared
precisely when Meng Guangcai
was under investigation.
There must be a reason.
He did it on purpose?
Exactly.
Maybe he's trying to make us
see but not get close to him,
or even covering for Meng Guangcai.
I'll make a bold guess.
Zuo Long might be hiding his identity
and still active out there.
That mysterious person might be him.
=The Silent Rift=